 Our next story is about Nokia. If you are a millennial, I'm sure it brings back a flood of memories. The snake game, the iconic ringtone, and the brick phones that could survive a three-story fall. But when smartphones came into the picture, Nokia went out of fashion. Its phones were no longer popular. No one was talking about the company. Until yesterday, that is. That's when NVIDIA made this announcement. Arial is essentially a wireless communication system running on top of CUDA X. We're going to create, for the first time, a software-defined, programmable computer that's able to communicate wirelessly and do AI processing at the same time. This is completely revolutionary. We call it NVIDIA Arc. And Nokia is going to work with us to integrate our technology. NVIDIA is investing a billion dollars in Nokia. One billion dollars. It will take a 2.9% stake in Nokia. I know what you're thinking. Why is NVIDIA investing so much money in Nokia? Didn't the company go bust? Well, the answer is no. Nokia may have stopped making phones, but it shape-shifted. It became a global telecom infrastructure company. Today, Nokia is big in 5G networks, fiber infrastructure, cloud systems, data centers networking, and telecom equipment. Currently, it is working on 6G technology. So Nokia is not trying to be Apple or Samsung anymore. It is trying to be the backbone of the Internet. Instead of phones, it sells the networks that phones run on. So what is this deal about? Like I said, NVIDIA is investing in Nokia, they're buying shares worth $1 billion, which gives NVIDIA about 2.9% ownership of Nokia. And Nokia will use this money to boost its AI network tech. Both companies will build AI-powered networks, they will create future 6G systems together. Think of it like this, NVIDIA makes the super brains, that is chips, and Nokia builds the superhighways that the brains need to connect with each other and 6g is particularly important it's not just about faster internet it's about supporting the AI infrastructure and Nokia is one of the few companies that know how to build it so again what does Nokia get out of it money sure one billion dollars does help but more importantly it gets access to Nvidia's AI tech it gets a seat at the AI table it pays plays a key role in the AI infrastructure and all of that is important for Nokia until now they were building quietly and video put a spotlight on it so now investors see it to look at Nokia stock it jumped more than 20% after the announcement next question what's in it for Nvidia they are a chip maker after all why are they getting into this into the 6g business and video is basically building a global AI empire. In the last few months, it has invested $5 billion in Intel. It has planned a $100 billion partnership with OpenAI, put $500 million into an autonomous car startup, funded cloud data infrastructure in the UK, announced partnerships with Hyundai and Palantir, started building AI supercomputers for the US government, and now they've bought a stake in Nokia for 6G. Also look at the timing NVIDIA has become the world's first $5 trillion company You heard that right, $5 trillion NVIDIA is the first ever company to reach this milestone Its market value is more than several nations combined If NVIDIA were a country, it would sit at number 4 Just below the US, China and Germany Among the top 5 economies in the world Its CEO, Jensen Huang, is optimistic. He says NVIDIA expects $500 billion in AI chip orders. We now have visibility. I think we're probably the first technology company in history to have visibility into half a trillion dollars of cumulative Blackwell and early ramps of Rubin through 2026. And as you know, 2025 is not over yet, and 2026 hasn't started. this is how much business is on the books half a trillion dollars worth so far tying up with the world's richest company works for nokia a decade ago people thought nokia was finished but in 2025 it has nvidia has partnered with it for the next generation of the internet it shows you how tech has funny comebacks in fact nokia has given us two lessons one if you fail to innovate you'll be out of the picture even if you're if you're the market leader today and two if you keep your head down and focus you could define the next decade the Nokia you remember played snake the Nokia of the future will help power AI super networks and 6g cities it did not vanish it was leveling up while no one was watching and now Nvidia has just made sure that everyone is watching them. Thank you.